will mark the viewers a 10 but the pot
roast on that drive are a serious
drawback I'm at a whiplash
things can only get better I don't hear
from you for months and then this sudden
need to sell the Tuscan house by last
Tuesday the house it's been empty for
twenty years if we just cheer place up a
bit yet it's all tuscany is a romantic
it'll it's why all my clients come here
you have delivered me a building site
whose walls seem to have been painted by
Mussolini I wouldn't go on the bar if I
were you
there's a large weasel in the sink
that's not a euphemism good teeth the
size of a baguette like a rat forget
you're a gnarly day I'm actually here to
sell an old family house I love that
house I wanna buy it I can only pay you
it is awesome
how many balls do you offer it way the
light hits those windows takes a breath
away no that's the dust doing no
[Music]
why are you selling it Jax memories of
the house
you
remember and I can't forget
[Music]
this house deserves to have his history
element
you
everyone lets everyone down at some
point now you come back from that too
that's romance rough translation very
doable
[Music]
you